Rooms:
  Foothills:
    desc: You find yourself standing at the base of an enormous mountain.  At its base to the north, there is a massive doorway.  A sign nearby reads "Keep out!  Definitely no treasure within!"
    item: tablet
    south: Foothills south
    doorway: Dark cave
  Foothills south:
    desc: As you begin to leave, you feel the urge for adventure pulling you back...
    north: Foothills
  Dark cave:
    desc: This seems to be the mouth of a deep cave.  As you peer north into the darkness, you think you hear the echoes of bats deeper within.
    south: Foothills
    north: Dark cave north
  Dark cave north:
    desc: The cave is somewhat narrow here, and the light from the doorway to the south is quite dim.
    south: Dark cave
    north: Dark cave ledge
  Dark cave ledge:
    desc: The cave acoustics dramatically change as you find yourself at a legde above a large chasm.  There is barely enough light here to notice a rope bridge leading out into the dark emptiness.
    south: Dark cave north
    bridge: Rope bridge
  Rope bridge:
    desc: This rope bridge creaks as you walk along it.  You aren't sure how old it is, or whether it can even support your weight.
    back: Dark cave ledge
    continue: Falling
  Falling:
    desc: As you continue along the bridge, it snaps!  You try to grab the bridge, but it evades your grasp in the darkness.  You are plummeting quickly downward into the chasm...
    down: Moss cavern
  Moss cavern:
    desc: You are standing in a large cavern full of bioluminescent moss.  It must have broken your fall!  The cavern extends to the east and west; at the west end, you think you see a passage leading out of the cavern.
    west: Moss cavern passage
    east: Moss cavern lantern
  Moss cavern lantern:
    desc: You are standing in a large cavern full of bioluminescent moss.  The cavern extends to the west.
    item: empty lantern
    west: Moss cavern
  Moss cavern passage:
    desc: You are standing in a large cavern full of bioluminescent moss.  The cavern extends to the east.  There is a crevise in the rocks which opens into a passage.
    east: Moss cavern
    passage: Passage
  Passage:
    desc: You are in a crevise on the west wall of the moss cavern.  A dark passage leads further west.  There is a ladder here which leads down into a smaller, moss-filled cavern below.
    cavern: Moss cavern passage
    ladder: Ladder
    darkness: Passage dark
  Ladder:
    desc: You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all dimly lit by more bioluminescent moss.  There is a ladder here leading up.
    ladder: Passage
    north: Twisty maze of little passages
    south: Maze of little twisty passages
    east: Maze of alike little passages
    west: Little maze of twisty passages
  Twisty maze of little passages:
    desc: You are in a twisty maze of little passages, all alike.
    north: Maze of little twisty passages
    south: Ladder
    west: Twisty maze of little passages
  Maze of little twisty passages:
    desc: You are in a maze of little twisty passages, all alike.
    north: Ladder
    south: Twisty maze of little passages
    east: Maze of little twisty passages
  Little maze of twisty passages:
    desc: You are in a little maze of twisty passages, all alike.
    north: Little maze of twisty passages
    south: Twisty alike of little passages
    east: Ladder
  Twisty alike of little passages:
    desc: You are in a twisty alike of little passages, all maze. The east passage appears very dark; you feel likely to be eaten by a Grue.
    north: Can
    south: Twisty maze of little passages
    west: Maze of twisty little passages
    east: Twisty maze of little passages 2
  Maze of alike little passages:
    desc: You are in a maze of alike little passages, all twisty. The passage to the east looks very dark; you think you hear a Grue.
    north: Maze of alike twisty passages
    south: Maze of alike little passages
    west: Ladder
    east: Twisty maze of little passages 2
  Maze of alike twisty passages:
    desc: You are in a maze of alike twisty passages, all little.
    north: Maze of little twisty passages
    east: Twisty maze of little passages
    south: Maze of alike twisty passages
  Can:
    desc: You are in a maze of twisty little passages, all alike.
    item: can
    west: Ladder
  Twisty maze of little passages 2:
    desc: You are in a twisty maze of little passages, all alike.
    north: Maze of little twisty passages
    south: Twisty maze of little passages
  Passage dark:
    desc: You feel that your light source is more than sufficient to keep grues away.
    continue: Passage narrow
    back: Passage
  Passage narrow:
    desc: You are in a narrow passage.  There is darkness to the west, but you can barely see a glowing opening to the east.
    west: Passage dark narrow
    east: Passage dark
  Passage dark narrow:
    desc: You are in a dark, narrow passage.
    west: Passage dark narrow 2
    east: Passage narrow
  Passage dark narrow 2:
    desc: You are in a dark, narrow passage.
    west: Passage vegetation
    east: Passage narrow 2
  Passage vegetation:
    desc: You are in a dark, narrow passage.  To the west, you spot some vegetation where the passage expands.
    east: Passage dark narrow 2
    west: Ruins cavern
  Ruins cavern:
    desc: You stand in a large cavern with a huge ruin to the north, overgrown by plant life.  There is a large stone archway to the north acting as the doorway to the ruined complex.  A crevice in the rock to the east leads to an alarmingly dark passageway.
    east: Passage vegetation
    north: Ruins foyer
  Ruins foyer:
    desc: You are in the once-opulent foyer of a massive ruined complex.  There is a door to the south leading to the overgrowth outside and stairs to the north which lead into a larger hall.
    item: red coin
    south: Ruins cavern
    north: Ruins hall
  Ruins hall:
    desc: You stand in the massive central hall of these ruins.  The walls are crumbling, and vegetation has clearly taken over.  Rooms are attached in all directions.  There is a strange monument in the center of the hall with circular slots and unusual symbols.  It reads
    # _ + _ * _^2 + _^3 - _ = 399
    north: Ruins locked
    south: Ruins foyer
    east: Ruins dining
    west: Ruins quarters
  Ruins dining:
    desc: You stand in what seems to have once been a dining hall; broken tables and pottery are scattered everywhere.  A staircase here leads down.
    item: concave coin
    down: Ruins kitchen
    west: Ruins hall
  Ruins quarters:
    desc: You find yourself in what was once the living quarters for the complex.  Many smaller rooms which once had walls to divide them now lay in disarray.  There is a staircase up here.
    item: blue coin
    east: Ruins hall
    up: Ruins throne
  Ruins kitchen:
    desc: This seems to be a kitchen; there are brick stoves and shelves along the wall.  Everything here has fallen into disrepair.
    item: corroded coin
    up: Ruins dining
  Ruins throne:
    desc: This was long ago a lavish throne room.  Dried-up fountains and crumbling statues line the walls, and the carved stone throne in the center of the room is falling apart.
    item: shiny coin
    down: Ruins quarters
  Ruins locked:
    desc: Because it has been so well-protected, this room hardly shows signs of decay.  The walls are covered in elaborate murals and decorated with precious metals and stones.
    item: teleporter
    south: Ruins hall

Items:
  - tablet
  - empty lantern
  - can
  - red coin      # 2
  - concave coin  # 7
  - blue coin     # 9
  - corroded coin # 3
  - shiny coin    # 5

Moves:
  - take tablet
  - doorway
  - north
  - north
  - bridge
  - continue
  - down
  - east
  - take empty lantern
  - west
  - west
  - passage
  - ladder
  - west
  - south
  - north
  - take can
  - use can
  - use lantern
  - west
  - ladder
  - darkness
  - continue
  - west
  - west
  - west
  - west
  - north
  - take red coin
  - north
  - west
  - take blue coin
  - up
  - take shiny coin
  - down
  - east
  - east
  - take concave coin
  - down
  - take corroded coin
  - up
  - west
  - use blue coin
  - use red coin
  - use shiny coin
  - use concave coin
  - use corroded coin
  - north
  - take teleporter
  - use teleporter
  - take business card
  - take strange book
  - set 7 35
  - use teleporter
